Artist: Thousand Foot Krutch Lyrics
Song Name: New Design
Lyrics:
Lyrics:


Wait, I might hesitate, am I a minute too late? Please Lord, I need to know. This pressure's
got me letting go. If I'm wrong, will I still carry on and end up where I belong? I've never
felt this way before. I've never come so close, I've never worn so thin. I'm steeping out
instead of closing in. I left myself behind when I made up my mind. No turning back this time,
this is my new design. 

Sometimes, I feel so alone, it feels like I'm standing out here on my own, and I've never felt
so far from home. It's coming on, it hits me when I step outside my zone. Cause sometimes, I
feel so alone, it feels like I'm standing out here on my own, and I've never felt so far from
home. It's coming on, it hits me when I step outside my zone.

I see what you're doing to me, could have been you so easily, but you look the other way. Even
thought we were close the other day, and I'm still tryin to get up this hill. I need you just
like a pill, and I've never felt this way before. 

Sometimes, I feel so alone, it feels like I'm standing out here on my own, and I've never felt
so far from home. It's coming on, it hits me when I step outside my zone. Cause sometimes, I
feel so alone, it feels like I'm standing out here on my own, and I've never felt so far from
home. It's coming on, it hits me when I step outside my zone.

Do ya get the feeling everything will be alright? I'm moving, so pleased to meet you, but I'm
movin on, tried to pass it to another, but it's comin on. I can't wait to find out, break me, I
can't seem to climb out of this hole. I'm stuck again, if I'm not out in a minute, I'm jumpin
in. Let's start again, I'm sick of this, let's just get it out. Are ya feelin it? Move back, ya
wanna feel how real it is? Let's just get it out. Are ya feelin it? Move back, ya wanna feel
how real it is? 

Sometimes, I feel so alone, it feels like I'm standing out here on my own, and I've never felt
so far from home. It's coming on, it hits me when I step outside my zone. Cause sometimes, I
feel so alone, it feels like I'm standing out here on my own, and I've never felt so far from
home. It's coming on, it hits me when I step outside my zone.